Vilnius A/D module is a CAN4VSCP based module that have four 10-bit A/D channels for 
0-5V or 0-10V and also have two 5V I/O channels that can be set as inputs or outputs.
General use is to read analog values and as all other VSCP modules you can get the 
readings reported automatically and periodically. 

It is also possible to report A/D readings as a VSCP measurment linearized as a 
floating point value from the formula 

measurement = k * A/D-value + m

where k and m are configurable 32-bit floating point constants. You have full control of which
event is sent and which unit is used.

This means you can send out any A/D reading as a real unit such as voltage, temperature or in 
any other SI specified unit.

You can also assign alarm limits so that alarm events are sent when the level goes above a 
certain value or below a certain value.

Two I/O channels are available. Both can induvidually be set as inputs or outputs. 
ON/OFF or TurnOn/TurnOff events can be sent out when levels change state.

The module can be attached to a standard DIN Rail or be mounted directly on a wall. The
mounting enclousures are ordered seperatly as options when the module is ordered.

The module fully adopts to the CAN4VSCP specification and can be powered directly over 
the bus with a 9-28V DC power source. 

VSCP CAN modules are designed to work on a VSCP4CAN bus which use ordinary RJ-45 
connectors and is powered with 9-30V DC over the same cable. This means there is no 
need for a separate power cabel. All that is needed is a CAT5 or better twisted pair 
cable. Buss length can be a maximum of 500 meters with drops of maximum 24 meters 
length (up to a total of 120 meters). As for all VSCP4CAN modules the communication 
speed is fixed at 125 kbps.

All VSCP modules contains information of there own setup, manual, hardware version, 
manufacturer etc. You just ask the module for the information you need and you will 
get it. When they are started up they have a default functionality that often is all 
that is needed to get a working setup. If the module have something to report it will 
send you an event and if it is setup to react on a certain type of event it will do 
it's work when you send event(s) to it. 
